# WT-CW1
Web Technology CW1 Project.
    This projects check learning outcomes related to Web-development technologies. It requires to craft website from the model available at any local company's website using our skills in Frontend development gained during the semester 1 from Web Technology module. It is suggested that we use html as a markup language, CSS for styling the webpages and JavaScript coding language to make the website dynamic and interactive. 
    In order to succeed in this coursework, I decided to build a website for a local marketplace called "Kattabozor". The reason behind selecting this website was its simple and modest design and abundant dynamic pages. I supposed that this type of website will not be too much difficult to build, however it was a bit more challenging than was initially perceived by me. Even if the website didn't have a plenty amount of visual effect, I had to use complex nested elements with CSS FlexBox items in order to properly justify and align them. In my mind, the most challenging part of the process was planning to develop this website, because it had a plethora of items with layouts that are same in some places, completely different in other. In addition to that, it became obvious that web pages with plentiful grouped elements can become extremely difficult to handle, especially when it is about handling the css styles of the page. 
    As this website had ample pages with almost the same layouts but different contents, I decided to build a page from each layout type as an example. In some of the elements, I added new styles and functions. The page with vacancies descriptions seemed to be primitive for me, as it contained only a list of links and I decided to improve the visuals by creating cards with pictures and descriptions of the job. Additionally, pictures in the products cards appeared to be too small and barely noticeable, which is why I made them increase in size when hovered over. In order to make some pages dynamic and interactive, I applied some CSS attribute selectors as well as JavaScript functions. To make the website responsive to browser scalings and look good on all devices, I used CSS media queries.
    Accomplishment of this task assisted me in developing my skills in Frontend development, which can be helpful for my future career and job applications.
    Link to GitHub: https://github.com/wiut00016417/WT-CW1.git
    Link to the website: https://teal-zorah-84.tiiny.site/